I used atom to do this assignment. However I didn't know that atom could not
auto save, and there is couple times that the program exits without any reminder
. So it wasted me many time on it. Would never use atom again.

Function 1:
To check if list a is a subset of list b, I used pattern matching, if the list

a is empty,
then it must be subset of list b. Hence, in this case, it returns true. The
second case is if a list is not empty. In this case, I used men function from
 List module. It could
return true iff an element is equal to an element of list b. And then I used hd
and tl to be applied in recursion function to scan every single elements. Once
the function find any element does not exist in list b, the function return
false which means list a is not subset of list b.

Function 2:
It is more like a math problem. List a equal to list b iff list a is a subset
 of list b and list b is also a subset of list a as well. So the function
 returns true iff these both statements is true. Hence I used && operator and
 ubset function to create equal_sets function.

Function 3:
For this problem, I used List.merge cmp to combine two list. Since the "the
lists that represent sets can contain duplicates", this would be the fastest
way. And I also find List.append can solve this problem. The difference is that
 merge would sort the list and append does not.


Function 4:
For intersection function, if a is empty, then the intersecion would be empty
as well. If it is not empty, then use List.find_all (or called List.filter) and
List.mem to return the list that the elements exists in list b but also exists
in list a.

Function 5:
For this function, I used not operator and put into the last function I used.
 So it could return the elements inside a but does not exist in b.

Function 6;
This function needs to be recursive, it compares the output result to the input,
 it returns if they are same. If not, the result would be as the input to call
 the function again.

Function 7:
I spent a couple of days of this last part since I do not really understand the
 question. Fortunately, I got some ideas from TA's discussion. Thanks for that.
I used the hint from the assignment, used the equal_set and
computer_fixed_point function. At the beginning, I made a tree map to help me
separate the function to a couple of smaller helper functions.
It scan and check the first element in the list, I used a recursion helper
function to access the symbol list, it scan and extract a list of symbols and
list of rules. And according to keep_nonterminal function, it check if the rules
has nonterminal values in the left hand side and if it is in the reachable
symbol list. If it returns true, then the function will store this symbol in
the right_hand_sidw. By these helper function, finally the
function get the all reachable function without changing the order.

8：
For the part of test case, I followed the sample and made some similar cases.
